Rewritten autoinstallation chapter of client configuration guide (#917)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/autoinst-advanced.adoc

[[autoinst-advanced]]
= Advanced Techniques

This section details how to sign metadata with your own GPG key to increase security on automatically onboarded systems, and how to do fully unattended provisioning.

[[own-gpg-key]]
== Use Your Own GPG Key

> If the repositories you are using for autoinstallation have unsiged metadata, you usually have to either use the [option]``insecure=1`` kernel parameter as an option of the autoinstallation distribution, and use a [path]``spacewalk/sles_no_signature_checks`` code snippet in the {ay} installation file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the repositories you are using for autoinstallation have unsigned metadata, you usually have to use the [option]``insecure=1`` kernel parameter as an option of the autoinstallation distribution, and use a [path]``spacewalk/sles_no_signature_checks`` code snippet in the {ay} installation file.
```

Author: fixed
